README.md, before:

# JVMPin

JVMPin provides a nodejs implementation of the nailgun protocol.

Information about nailgun can be found at
[http://www.martiansoftware.com/nailgun/](http://www.martiansoftware.com/nailgun/). Nailgun is currently maintained by Facebook at https://github.com/facebook/nailgun/.

Java dependencies can be found at Maven Central:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.facebook</groupId>
  <artifactId>nailgun-server</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
</dependency>
```

Older releases (including command line client binaries) can be found at [sourceforge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/nailgun/files/nailgun/).

## Usage

The JVMPin library can be installed via npm by adding the following to
your package.json's dependencies or devDependencies sections:
```json
"dependencies": {
	"jvmpin": "1.x"
}

```

You will need to start your nailgun instance in another process (this is
a task I leave to the reader).

Then simply connect to the nailgun instance using:
```javascript

var jvmpin = require('jvmpin');

var proc = jvmpin.createConnection(1234, 'localhost').spawn('your.main.Class');

// now to take over the currently running context by binding stdio
proc.stdout.pipe(process.stdout);
proc.stderr.pipe(process.stderr);

process.stdin.pipe(proc.stdin);
proc.on('exit', function(c) { process.exit(); })

```

For more information please consult the [API
Documentation](https://bitbucket.org/bjconlan/jvmpin/raw/master/lib/jvmpin.js)

## Testing

To run the test suite, clone the repository and run:

```
$ docker-compose run test
```

Alternatively, they can be run locally:

```console
$ npm install
$ npm run test
```

## Contributors

[Eric McCarthy](http://limulus.net/)

[Markus Hedvall](https://bitbucket.org/markushedvall/)

[Hal Blackburn](https://github.com/h4l)


## License

Copyright © 2018 Benjamin Conlan

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License.

Commit message:

Squashed 'lib/vendor/jvmpin/' changes from 094864b..8eed205
9d4fe41 chore(release): 2.0.1
28d64ca build: Use standard-version to semi-automate releases
3173a39 docs: Update package.json URLs to CUDL's jvmpin repo
e6b14d8 refactor: Allow test scripts to exit gracefully
6da920e test: Fix roundtrip tests executing the wrong script
a9dad3a fix: A timer was being leaked after nail process exit
e7c0f03 test: Add failing test for clean shutdown on nail completion

git-subtree-dir: lib/vendor/jvmpin
git-subtree-split: 8eed20560df6b62e00963076816b142e4c4eb873

README.md, after:

# JVMPin

JVMPin provides a nodejs implementation of the nailgun protocol.

Information about nailgun can be found at
[http://www.martiansoftware.com/nailgun/](http://www.martiansoftware.com/nailgun/). Nailgun is currently maintained by Facebook at https://github.com/facebook/nailgun/.

Java dependencies can be found at Maven Central:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.facebook</groupId>
  <artifactId>nailgun-server</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
</dependency>
```

Older releases (including command line client binaries) can be found at [sourceforge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/nailgun/files/nailgun/).

## Usage

The JVMPin library can be installed via npm by adding the following to
your package.json's dependencies or devDependencies sections:
```json
"dependencies": {
	"jvmpin": "1.x"
}

```

You will need to start your nailgun instance in another process (this is
a task I leave to the reader).

Then simply connect to the nailgun instance using:
```javascript

var jvmpin = require('jvmpin');

var proc = jvmpin.createConnection(1234, 'localhost').spawn('your.main.Class');

// now to take over the currently running context by binding stdio
proc.stdout.pipe(process.stdout);
proc.stderr.pipe(process.stderr);

process.stdin.pipe(proc.stdin);
proc.on('exit', function(c) { process.exit(); })

```

For more information please consult the [API
Documentation](https://bitbucket.org/bjconlan/jvmpin/raw/master/lib/jvmpin.js)

## Testing

To run the test suite, clone the repository and run:

```
$ docker-compose run test
```

Alternatively, they can be run locally:

```console
$ npm install
$ npm run test
```

## Releases

[standard-version] is used to create release tags. Run `$ npm run release` to create a new version.

This relies on commits following the [conventional-commits] conventions.

[standard-version]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-version
[conventional-commits]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

Currently, this fork of https://bitbucket.org/bjconlan/jvmpin is not published on https://www.npmjs.com/.

## Contributors

[Eric McCarthy](http://limulus.net/)

[Markus Hedvall](https://bitbucket.org/markushedvall/)

[Hal Blackburn](https://github.com/h4l)


## License

Copyright © 2018 Benjamin Conlan

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License.
